addedNewCustomModalDatePicker (#178)
Wolox/frontend-cookbook: cookbook-react-native/recipes/pickers/dateTimePicker/readme.md

| onPressButton      |    -    |               Function                | void Function to use when pressed button to open Modal.       |
| onPressConfirm     |    -    |               Function                | void Function called when confirm button was pressed.         |
| onPressCancel      |    -    |               Function                | void Function called when cancel button was pressed.          |
| icon               |    -    |          ImageSourcePropType          | icon png or svg to use into button.                           |
| styleIcon          |    -    |              ImageStyle               | style image to icon,ex: height, width, resizemode and more.   |
| hourFormat         |    -    | ('toLocaleTimeString','toISOString' ) | defines the format to return selected hour and save in state. |
| confirmTextIOS     |    -    |                string                 | text to use in confirmation button only available in ios.     |
| cancelTextIOS      |    -    |                string                 | text to use in cancel button only available in ios.           |

## Test

- Added Snapshot and test constants

> - move the **test/components/dateTimePicker** to exactly path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moved the **test/components/dateTimePicker** to corresponding path
```

> - update the imports ex:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the import path:
```
